RHDEVDOCS 5977 default Repository CR (#77606)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-creating-global-repository-cr.adoc

// This module is included in the following assemblies:
// * pac/using-repository-crd.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-global-repository-cr_{context}"]
= Creating the global Repository custom resource

Optionally, you can create a global `Repository` custom resource (CR) in the namespace where {pipelines-shortname} is installed, normally `openshift-pipelines`. If you create this CR, the settings that you specify in it apply by default to all `Repository` CRs that you create.

:FeatureName: The global `Repository` CR
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

.Prerequisites

* You have administrator access to the `openshift-pipelines` namespace.

> * You logged on to the OpenShift cluster using the `oc` command line utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You logged on to the {product-title} cluster using the `oc` command line utility.
```
